{\rtf1\ansi\deff22 {\fonttbl{\f1\fcharset0\fswiss System;}{\f2\fcharset0\fmodern Terminal;}{\f3\fcharset0\fmodern Fixedsys;}{\f4\fcharset0\froman Roman;}{\f5\fcharset0\fscript Script;}{\f6\fcharset0\fmodern Modern;}{\f7\fcharset0\fswiss Small Fonts;}{\f8\fcharset0\froman MS Serif;}{\f9\fcharset0\fdecor WST_Czec;}{\f10\fcharset0\fdecor WST_Engl;}{\f11\fcharset0\fdecor WST_Fren;}{\f12\fcharset0\fdecor WST_Germ;}{\f13\fcharset0\fdecor WST_Ital;}{\f14\fcharset0\fdecor WST_Span;}{\f15\fcharset0\fdecor WST_Swed;}{\f16\fcharset0\fmodern Courier;}{\f17\fcharset0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f18\fcharset0 Marlett;}{\f19\fcharset0\fswiss Arial;}{\f20\fcharset0\fswiss Arial CE;}{\f21\fcharset0\fswiss Arial CYR;}{\f22\fcharset0\fswiss Arial Greek;}{\f23\fcharset0\fswiss Arial TUR;}{\f24\fcharset0\fswiss Arial Baltic;}{\f25\fcharset0\fmodern Courier New;}{\f26\fcharset0\fmodern Courier New CE;}{\f27\fcharset0\fmodern Courier New CYR;}{\f28\fcharset0\fmodern Courier New Greek;}{\f29\fcharset0\fmodern Courier New TUR;}{\f30\fcharset0\fmodern Courier New Baltic;}{\f31\fcharset0\fmodern Lucida Console;}{\f32\fcharset0\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f33\fcharset0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f34\fcharset0\froman Times New Roman CE;}{\f35\fcharset0\froman Times New Roman CYR;}{\f36\fcharset0\froman Times New Roman Greek;}{\f37\fcharset0\froman Times New Roman TUR;}{\f38\fcharset0\froman Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f39\fcharset0 Wingdings;}{\f40\fcharset0\froman Symbol;}{\f41\fcharset0\fswiss Verdana;}{\f42\fcharset0\fswiss Arial Black;}{\f43\fcharset0\fscript Comic Sans MS;}{\f44\fcharset0\fswiss Impact;}{\f45\fcharset0\froman Georgia;}{\f46\fcharset0\fswiss Franklin Gothic Medium;}{\f47\fcharset0\froman Palatino Linotype;}{\f48\fcharset0\fswiss Tahoma;}{\f49\fcharset0\fswiss Trebuchet MS;}{\f50\fcharset0\froman Webdings;}{\f51\fcharset0\fscript Estrangelo Edessa;}{\f52\fcharset0 Gautami;}{\f53\fcharset0 Latha;}{\f54\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f55\fcharset0 MV Boli;}{\f56\fcharset0 Raavi;}{\f57\fcharset0 Shruti;}{\f58\fcharset0 Tunga;}{\f59\fcharset0\froman Sylfaen;}{\f60\fcharset0\fswiss Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f61\fcharset0\froman Book Antiqua;}{\f62\fcharset0\froman Bookman Old Style;}{\f63\fcharset0\fscript Monotype Corsiva;}{\f64\fcharset0\fmodern Courier Final Draft;}{\f65\fcharset0\fscript TypoUpright BT;}{\f66\fcharset0\fswiss Humanst521 BT;}{\f67\fcharset0\fdecor Charlesworth;}{\f68\fcharset0\froman BernhardMod BT;}{\f69\fcharset0 Lithograph;}{\f70\fcharset0\fswiss AvantGarde Md BT;}{\f71\fcharset0\fswiss Zurich BlkEx BT;}{\f72\fcharset0\fswiss Zurich Ex BT;}{\f73\fcharset0\fscript OzHandicraft BT;}{\f74\fcharset0\fdecor GoudyHandtooled BT;}{\f75\fcharset0\froman Dauphin;}{\f76\fcharset0\froman Serifa BT;}{\f77\fcharset0\froman PosterBodoni BT;}{\f78\fcharset0\fswiss Futura Lt BT;}{\f79\fcharset0\fdecor FuturaBlack BT;}{\f80\fcharset0\fdecor Bremen Bd BT;}{\f81\fcharset0\froman AmerType Md BT;}{\f82\fcharset0\froman GoudyOlSt BT;}{\f83\fcharset0\froman Souvenir Lt BT;}{\f84\fcharset0\froman Serifa Th BT;}{\f85\fcharset0\fswiss Kabel Ult BT;}{\f86\fcharset0\fswiss AvantGarde Bk BT;}{\f87\fcharset0\froman ZapfEllipt BT;}{\f88\fcharset0\fswiss CopprplGoth Bd BT;}{\f89\fcharset0\fdecor BernhardFashion BT;}{\f90\fcharset0\fdecor Allegro BT;}{\f91\fcharset0\froman Benguiat Bk BT;}{\f92\fcharset0\fswiss BankGothic Md BT;}{\f93\fcharset0\fswiss Kabel Bk BT;}{\f94\fcharset0\fscript English111 Vivace BT;}{\f95\fcharset0\fswiss CommonBullets;}{\f96\fcharset0\fdecor LithographLight;}{\f97\fcharset0\fswiss Futura Md BT;}{\f98\fcharset0\fscript Staccato222 BT;}{\f99\fcharset0\fswiss Futura XBlk BT;}{\f100\fcharset0\fswiss Swiss911 XCm BT;}{\f101\fcharset0 ZWAdobeF;}{\f102\fcharset0\fswiss Agency FB;}{\f103\fcharset0\fswiss Arial Narrow;}{\f104\fcharset0\fswiss Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f105\fcharset0\fdecor Blackadder ITC;}{\f106\fcharset0\froman Bodoni MT;}{\f107\fcharset0\froman Bodoni MT Black;}{\f108\fcharset0\froman Bodoni MT Condensed;}{\f109\fcharset0\fscript Bradley Hand ITC;}{\f110\fcharset0\froman Calisto MT;}{\f111\fcharset0\froman Castellar;}{\f112\fcharset0\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f113\fcharset0\froman Century Schoolbook;}{\f114\fcharset0\fswiss Copperplate Gothic Bold;}{\f115\fcharset0\fswiss Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f116\fcharset0\fdecor Curlz MT;}{\f117\fcharset0\fscript Edwardian Script ITC;}{\f118\fcharset0\froman Elephant;}{\f119\fcharset0\froman Engravers MT;}{\f120\fcharset0\fswiss Eras Bold ITC;}{\f121\fcharset0\fswiss Eras Demi ITC;}{\f122\fcharset0\fswiss Eras Light ITC;}{\f123\fcharset0\fswiss Eras Medium ITC;}{\f124\fcharset0\fdecor Felix Titling;}{\f125\fcharset0\fscript Forte;}{\f126\fcharset0\fswiss Franklin Gothic Book;}{\f127\fcharset0\fswiss Franklin Gothic Demi;}{\f128\fcharset0\fswiss Franklin Gothic Demi Cond;}{\f129\fcharset0\fswiss Franklin Gothic Heavy;}{\f130\fcharset0\fswiss Franklin Gothic Medium Cond;}{\f131\fcharset0\fscript French Script MT;}{\f132\fcharset0\froman Garamond;}{\f133\fcharset0\fdecor Gigi;}{\f134\fcharset0\fswiss Gill Sans MT Ext Condensed Bold;}{\f135\fcharset0\fswiss Gill Sans MT;}{\f136\fcharset0\fswiss Gill Sans MT Condensed;}{\f137\fcharset0\fswiss Gill Sans Ultra Bold;}{\f138\fcharset0\fswiss Gill Sans Ultra Bold Condensed;}{\f139\fcharset0\froman Gloucester MT Extra Condensed;}{\f140\fcharset0\froman Goudy Old Style;}{\f141\fcharset0\froman Goudy Stout;}{\f142\fcharset0\fswiss Haettenschweiler;}{\f143\fcharset0\fdecor Imprint MT Shadow;}{\f144\fcharset0\fswiss Lucida Sans;}{\f145\fcharset0\fmodern Lucida Sans Typewriter;}{\f146\fcharset0 MS Outlook;}{\f147\fcharset0\fswiss Maiandra GD;}{\f148\fcharset0\fmodern OCR A Extended;}{\f149\fcharset0\fscript Palace Script MT;}{\f150\fcharset0\fscript Papyrus;}{\f151\fcharset0\froman Perpetua;}{\f152\fcharset0\froman Perpetua Titling MT;}{\f153\fcharset0\fscript Pristina;}{\f154\fcharset0\fscript Rage Italic;}{\f155\fcharset0\froman Rockwell;}{\f156\fcharset0\froman Rockwell Condensed;}{\f157\fcharset0\froman Rockwell Extra Bold;}{\f158\fcharset0\fscript Script MT Bold;}{\f159\fcharset0\fswiss Tw Cen MT;}{\f160\fcharset0\fswiss Tw Cen MT Condensed;}{\f161\fcharset0\froman Wingdings 2;}{\f162\fcharset0\froman Wingdings 3;}{\f163\fcharset0 Bookshelf Symbol 7;}{\f164\fcharset0\fswiss MS Reference Sans Serif;}{\f165\fcharset0 MS Reference Specialty;}{\f166\fcharset0\fswiss Tw Cen MT Condensed Extra Bold;}{\f167\fcharset0\fmodern MS Mincho;}{\f168\fcharset0\fmodern @MS Mincho;}{\f169\fcharset0\froman MS PMincho;}{\f170\fcharset0\froman @MS PMincho;}{\f171\fcharset0\fmodern MS Gothic;}{\f172\fcharset0\fmodern @MS Gothic;}{\f173\fcharset0\fswiss MS PGothic;}{\f174\fcharset0\fswiss @MS PGothic;}{\f175\fcharset0\fswiss MS UI Gothic;}{\f176\fcharset0\fswiss @MS UI Gothic;}{\f177\fcharset0\fswiss Gulim;}{\f178\fcharset0\fswiss @Gulim;}{\f179\fcharset0\fmodern GulimChe;}{\f180\fcharset0\fmodern @GulimChe;}{\f181\fcharset0\fswiss Dotum;}{\f182\fcharset0\fswiss @Dotum;}{\f183\fcharset0\fmodern DotumChe;}{\f184\fcharset0\fmodern @DotumChe;}{\f185\fcharset0\froman Batang;}{\f186\fcharset0\froman @Batang;}{\f187\fcharset0\fmodern BatangChe;}{\f188\fcharset0\fmodern @BatangChe;}{\f189\fcharset0\froman Gungsuh;}{\f190\fcharset0\froman @Gungsuh;}{\f191\fcharset0\fmodern GungsuhChe;}{\f192\fcharset0\fmodern @GungsuhChe;}{\f193\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f194\fcharset0 @SimSun;}{\f195\fcharset0\fmodern NSimSun;}{\f196\fcharset0\fmodern @NSimSun;}{\f197\fcharset0 SimHei;}{\f198\fcharset0 @SimHei;}{\f199\fcharset0\fmodern MingLiU;}{\f200\fcharset0\fmodern @MingLiU;}{\f201\fcharset0\froman PMingLiU;}{\f202\fcharset0\froman @PMingLiU;}}{\stylesheet{\f22 \sbasedon222\snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li2160\ri5340\f64\sb0 \sbasedon0\snext1 GENERAL;}{\s2\caps\li2160\ri5340\f64\sb640 \sbasedon0\snext3 SCENE HEADING;}{\s3\li2160\ri5340\f64\sb320 \sbasedon0\snext3 ACTION;}{\s4\caps\li5040\ri5700\f64\sb320 \sbasedon0\snext6 CHARACTER NAME;}{\s5\li4320\ri8220\f64\sb0 \sbasedon0\snext6 PARENTHETICAL;}{\s6\li3600\ri7500\f64\sb0 \sbasedon0\snext3 DIALOG;}{\s7\caps\li7920\ri5880\f64\sb320 \sbasedon0\snext2 TRANSITION;}{\s8\caps\li2160\ri5340\f64\sb320 \sbasedon0\snext3 SHOT;}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\ftnrestart\fracwidth \sectd \linemod0\linex0\cols1\endnhere \margl0\margr0\paperw12240{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. little league baseball field - afternoon\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 A Little League game is in progress. OLIVIA DOW, 10, uses a piece of chalk to keep score on the outfield scoreboard. The score is "Pine Tree Rotary" 1, "Glen's Plumbing & Heating" 0. \par It is the bottom of the sixth inning, and "Glen's Plumbing & Heating" is at bat. There is a runner on third and two outs.\par A BATTER steps up to the plate. \par On the pitcher's mound, SAM DOW, 12, wipes his hands on his uniform and readjusts his cap. He glances from the batter to the runner on third. \par RICHARD DOW, early }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 40s}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 , gets up from the bench in the dugout and walks to the edge of the field, clapping his hands.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Richard\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Come on Sam! One more out. You can do it. Just one more out!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam ignores him and stares down the batter. The crowd CHEERS loudly as Sam winds up for the pitch. The batter swings wildly and misses, and the ball lands squarely in the catcher's mitt.\par The UMPIRE raises his left hand.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 UMPIRE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 SteeeeRIKE! Two and two.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam smiles with satisfaction. \par The crowd CHEERS, and Richard claps harder.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 C'mon, Sam. Make him swing like that again and you've got him.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard turns as a young PLAYER taps him on the shoulder.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 PLAYER\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Think we can do it, coach?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I hope so. You boys deserve your first win the way you've played.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam winds up and pitches. The batter swings and CRACK! \par Richard's eyes follow the arc of the ball as it heads into right field.\par LEO WINN, the smallest player on the team, backpedals towards the fence.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (to himself)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 C'mon Leo, just like in practice. There's nothing to it, nothing at all. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 CHEERS from the crowd mount, as Leo looks up and shields his face from the sun. He tentatively raises his glove and the ball plops inside. \par A ROAR erupts from the dugout, as the players hi-five each other.\par Still moving backwards, Leo trips and falls to the ground, the ball rolling idly from his glove.\par The stunned crowd looks on in silence.\par Then the fans of "Glen's Plumbing and Heating" slowly begin to cheer as the batter rounds the bases and tags home.\par The "Pine Tree Rotary" players sit down on the bench, grumbling to themselves. Sam plops down in the middle of the mound and buries his head in his hands.\par At the scoreboard, Olivia, erases the 0 next to "Glen's Plumbing & Heating" and writes a 2. She shakes her head, throws the chalk on the ground and walks away.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. baseball field parking lot - DUSK\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard, Sam and Olivia walk towards their car. Richard has one arm draped over Sam's shoulder and the other around Olivia's.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Olivia\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Sam, that was your best game ever! They only got that one hit, and I scored it as an error.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Sam\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yeah, I know. I was there, remember? What difference does it make? We still lost. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard pulls his son into a hug.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Richard\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 You did well, son. You all did -- even Leo.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Sam\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Aw Dad, he's no good. He lost the game for us. He always plays like that. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 He's not as good as you, but he's still out there trying his hardest and not giving up. That counts for something.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam shrugs off his dad's embrace and hangs his head, walking several steps behind Richard and Olivia. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 OLIVIA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hey look. The other team is going out for ice cream. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Across the parking lot, the other team is laughing and joking around as they pile into two minivans.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 We can go, too, if you want. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SaM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Dad... Let's just go home. They're going for ice cream because they won. Losers don't deserve ice cream. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 C'mon, Sam. Don't you think...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard turns his head to the sound of commotion near the dumpster. He hands his car keys to Sam, while still looking in the direction of the dumpster. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD (cont'd)}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (cont'd}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 )\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Here. Get in the car. I'll be right there.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 As Richard approaches the dumpster, he hears a loud voice. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 MAN (O.C.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 How the hell did you drop it? What are you, stupid? It was an easy out!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 GEORGE WINN grips Leo by his t-shirt and violently shakes him back and forth. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RicHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hey George - lighten up. It's just a game. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Surprised, George turns to face Richard. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 GEORGE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Huh?!?! What did you say?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 George, c'mon. Your kid did all right. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George releases Leo, who immediately runs to grab his hat off the ground. George steps towards Richard and glares at him. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 GEORGE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 You looking for trouble... }{\pard\plain \ql \ul\sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Dick}{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 ?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard backs away.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No. I'm just saying that your kid's not a bad player. He's a trooper. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George stabs a finger in Richard's chest. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 GEORGE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No. He ain't no trooper. He's a loser. Back off, writer man. Unless you want to settle this right now. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 A horn HONKS. Richard turns to see his kids waving at him to hurry up.\par A door slams as Leo climbs into the truck. Richard takes another step back without turning his back to George.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No, I don't want to settle this here. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 GEORGE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Good. So why don't you go back to your kiddie books and leave us the hell alone? \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 As Richard walks to his car, the Winn's truck zooms by, brushing against him. He stops to watch the truck leave the parking lot.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. KITCHEN, dow home - NIGHT\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 CARLA DOW, mid 30s, opens the oven, pulls out a casserole and places it on the stove. \par Richard walks over to the stove and stands behind Carla. He wraps his arms around her and kisses her on the neck. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Carla\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 That feels nice. So besides losing, how was the game?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Couldn't have gone better. Sam got three strikeouts. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Olivia enters the kitchen and sits down at the table.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 OLIVIA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Daddy almost got into a fight today. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Carla turns and looks sharply at Richard.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 He did?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It wasn't a fight. It was just a discussion. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 That true, Olivia?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 OLIVIA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Dunno, Mom. I couldn't hear anything from the car, but I did see the other man push his finger into Daddy. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I thought you said things went great...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 They did.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 So what happened?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Nothing much... He just got a little heated up about the game, and I had to remind him that it's a family game. That was it.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Carla pushes a finger into Richard's chest.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No trouble then?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard winces.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Ow, that hurts. I think you forget your own strength sometimes.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Carla smiles.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Never. I just want to make sure there's no trouble.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No trouble at all.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. richard and carla's bedroom - NIGHT\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard stares at the ceiling while Carla sleeps next to him. He rolls over to see the glowing red numerals of the clock radio -  1:00 AM. \par As Richard quietly eases out of bed, Carla reaches out and touches his back.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CaRLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What are you doing?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 She moves closer to his side of the bed.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Don't worry about it. Just go back to sleep.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard walks over to the chair and grabs his pants and a fleece jacket. He sits back on the bed to get dressed.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What's going on?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Gotta go see a guy about something.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Something bad?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No, it's nothing bad. It'll only take an hour or so. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Okay, but you better come back to us.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (a beat)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \i\sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Capisce}{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 ?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard leans over and kisses her forehead.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \i\sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Capisce}{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 .\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. dow house - NIGHT\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 As Richard leaves the bedroom and walks down the hall, he sees a flickering light under Sam's bedroom door.\par Richard enters the room to see Sam curled up on the bed. On a nearby dresser is a small TV showing a baseball game. \par Richard reaches over to turn it off.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SAM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No, Dad... don't. I'm still watching it. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard peers closer to see the score. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Richard\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Sam, it's the bottom of the 18th inning.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SAM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Mom said I could watch till it's over. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard turns it off. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 And I'm saying it's just a game. Get some sleep, okay?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam obediently closes his eyes. \par Richard strokes the top of Sam's head.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It's just a game son, just a game. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard gets up, shaking his head as he leaves the room.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (to himself)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Plus, the Red Sox never pull through in the clutch.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. bridge - NIGHT\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard sits in his parked Lexus with the lights on. He shifts uncomfortably to reveal a 9mm in his waistband. \par Headlights approach from the other side of the bridge. A car pulls up next to the Lexus. \par Richard gets out of the Lexus, keeping one hand on his gun. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Charlie (O.C.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (bellowing from the other vehicle)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Richard?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hi, Charlie.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard relaxes and lets his hands fall to his sides.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CHARLIE (O.C.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Glad to see you. Uh... I have someone else here with me. Do you mind?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Do you care if I mind?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CHARLIE (O.C.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (laughing)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Nope, I guess not.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 FOOTSTEPS sound near the Lexus. A flashlight is turned on, and two faces appear in the shadows. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CHARLIE (cont'd)}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Bob Tuthill, Department of Justice - please meet Richard Dow. Formerly known as Ricky "the rifle" Dolano. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Bob, 30, nods towards Richard. He is dressed in a dark suit, while Charlie, 45, is in jeans and a t-shirt. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Charlie, what's going on here?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Another trial, set to start in August. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Where?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 California.  \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Who you guys after?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CHARLIE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Mel Flemmi. The feds need you to testify about his days in your old neighborhood. That's not a problem, is it?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Nope. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Ricky... \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (cutting him off)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Richard. The name is Richard, Richard Dow. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Look, Richard, testifying when we say so is part of the deal. We need to have your full cooperation if you want to stay here in this piece of paradise. Understood? \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard folds his arms, holding back frustration. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Mel Flemmi is an animal. I know enough to put him away until the next millennium. So yeah, I don't have a problem testifying. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Bob and Charlie exchange glances.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Flemmi's teenage niece started doing drugs and hanging out on the streets. So he whacked her, personally. That's the kind of guy he is, and that's why I'll testify. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard stares coldly at Bob.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD (cont'd)}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 That good enough for you, Bob?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 A smile creeps across Bob's face. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What's so funny?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It's just ironic to hear talk like that coming from someone accused of committing eleven murders. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Accused. Never convicted. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Right. You always had an airtight alibi.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Bob laughs and turns to Charlie.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Bob (cont'd)}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Charlie, I'm ready to head back. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 He walks to the car, opens the door, and looks back at Richard.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 One more thing...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yes?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Some of your compatriots have embarrassed the department because of side deals they made while in the program. Your job, what is it? A children's book writer?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 That's what they gave me.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 And the publicity that comes with it?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 You should know. I write under a pseudonym. The books are for toddlers. Not much chance of getting fan letters. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 How charming. Other guys like you have gotten back into the game, giving sleazy defense lawyers the chance to jump all over their character. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 How interesting. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 So you better keep your friggin nose clean. No violence, not even a parking ticket. This trial is important, and I'm not going to let a lowlife ruin it. But if you do, your family will be moving. How's a pig farm in Nebraska sound?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I like it here. You won't have a problem. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOB\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Good. Charlie, I'm ready now. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 ChARLIE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Sure, I'll be right there. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Bob gets in the car and slams the door shut.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 ChARLIE (cont'd)}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Here, I've got a couple of things for you.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Charlie reaches into his pocket and pulls out a computer disk. He tosses it to Richard. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 ChARLIE}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (cont'd}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 )\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Your next book. "Lulu the Seasick Sea Lion."\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Marvelous. What else you got for me?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Charlie hands over a plastic shopping bag bulging with pasta, sauces, salami and cheese. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CHARLIE \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Some souvenirs from your old haunts. A little bit of everything Italian. You still miss it, don't you?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard looks into the bag.\line \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I sure do. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Charlie switches off the flashlight.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CHARLIE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Who ever said that the U.S. Marshall's Office wasn't considerate? I'll see you around, Richard.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard lifts the bag to his nose, closes his eyes and takes in a deep whiff. He then throws the bag into the river. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. richard's home office - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard sits in his office working on his computer. The disk lies on his desk. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA (O.C.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (calling from downstairs)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Richard? I got to take the kids to camp. Want some coffee before I go? \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 That'd be great.. Thanks!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 A few moments later, Carla enters and hands him a cup of coffee. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 So, what went on last night?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard takes a sip and puts the cup down. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I have to testify again. This time against Mel Flemmi. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I remember that bastard. I would have liked to put him away myself. What else?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What do you mean, what else?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 She playfully whacks him on the shoulder. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I thought you had to take the kids to camp.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 And you're trying to change the subject. There's always something else with the Feds. Now tell me.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I've got to keep my nose clean, as always. They've got to make sure I'm a credible witness. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Does that mean not getting into fights at little league games?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It wasn't a fight, and it won't happen again.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Carla leans over, grabs both of his ears and kisses him firmly on the lips. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Good. Cause this ain't no game, Richard. I like it here, and so do the kids. You better not screw it up. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I won't.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Good. Because if you do, I'll kill you. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard kisses her.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I don't doubt it. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Carla winks at him and leaves the room.\par Richard puts the disk into the computer, opens the file and prints it out. Without even glancing at the paper, he staples the pages together and puts into an Express Mail envelope. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD (cont'd)}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (to himself)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Man, writers have it easy. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 He picks up his car keys and the manuscript and leaves.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. Baseball field Parking lot - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard and RON BACHMAN, mid 40s, the team's manager, lug bags of equipment across the parking lot.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hey Ron, did you see Leo out there today?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Ron\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yep, he didn't miss one catch. That's what happens when his dad's not around. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What's the deal with George?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Ron gives Richard a sideways glance.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RoN\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What do you mean?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 The way he goes after his kid. He's way out of line.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RoN\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It's probably the drinking. Being the mayor's son, he gets cut a lot of slack. He's a mean man who takes his frustrations out on his kid.  \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It's not right. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. dunkin donuts parking lot - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam and three of his teammates wait patiently in a minivan. Richard walks out of the store with a large box of }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Munchkins}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160  and containers of juice. He opens the sliding door and hands the }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Munchkins}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160  to BOY #1.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOY #1\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Thanks, Mr. Dow.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Richard\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 You're welcome. Just make sure everyone gets one.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 BOY #1\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Okay.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The boys crowd around boy #1 to grab munchkins from the box. Only Leo sits quietly in the backseat.\par Richard climbs into the driver's seat and starts the van.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 All right everybody. Buckle up... let's hit the road! We don't want to miss the first pitch.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard looks in the rearview mirror and notices that Leo is the only one not eating munchkins.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD (cont'd)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hey, Leo! Did you get a doughnut?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Leo\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I'm not too hungry, Mr. Dow.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Nonsense. Boys, make sure Leo gets some doughnuts\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Boy #1 passes the box back to Leo, who smiles as he carefully selects a munchkin from the box.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s8\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Ext. Fenway park -- establishing -- day\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INt. FENWAY park -- day\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The four boys are sitting in a row of seats, watching the game. Each one is eating or drinking something (soda, popcorn, ice cream, etc).\par Sitting at the end of the row, Richard glances over at the boys and sees Leo sitting right in the middle. Leo is intently watching the game, cheering with all his might as an outfielder catches a fly ball.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. van - NIGHT\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard drives, as three of the boys sleep in the backseat. Sam sits next to him in the passenger seat.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SaM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Dad?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yeah?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SaM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 About the game...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Go on.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SaM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Well, it was fun and all, but why did they fight like that when that guy hit got hit by a pitch? It could have been an accident.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RIchard\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I guess it's a team thing. You stick up for your fellow players no matter what. And when someone gets in trouble, you help out.  \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SAM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Oh... like a family?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Sure, like a family. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 They drive for a moment in silence. Richards glances over at his drowsy son in the seat next to him.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (cont'd}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 )\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Sam?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Sam\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yeah, Dad?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Besides the game, how did you like it?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam yawns and shifts to a more comfortable position.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SaM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What are you talking about?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 The city. How did you like being in the city? All those buildings and people. What did you think of it?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Sam\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It was too noisy, too dirty. I like where we live much better.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Richard\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (looking dejected)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Oh. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. baseball field - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 "Pine Tree Rotary" is playing "Greg's Small Engine Repair." Richard stands in the dugout, wiping sweat from his face. Olivia is at the scoreboard. "Greg's Small Engine Repair" is winning is 10-0. \par Leo is at bat. The PITCHER on the mound sizes him up. He delivers the pitch. The ball is high and outside.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 UMPIRE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Baaaaallllll four!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Leo throws down his bat and runs at full speed to first base.\par MONTAGE of innings going by. Batters getting hits, striking out. Players fielding ground balls and catching pop flies. The scoreboard does not change. Olivia looks bored, and eventually plants herself on the grass in the outfield.\par Finally, the scoreboard indicates the bottom of the 6th inning. Leo is at bat again.\par Richard claps his hands.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Richard\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 C'mon Leo...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard is cut off by a loud voice.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 GeORGE (o.c.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Leo! You better get a hit, boy!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard turns and sees George standing at the fence near first base. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 UMPIRE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Batter up!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 GeORGE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Leo! You worthless player! You get a hit or you'll get one from me!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard takes a step forward.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RicharD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (louder than George)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Leo, wait for a good pitch, guy, wait for a good one!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Leo looks shaken and keeps glancing over at his dad. He swings and misses three pitches in a row to strike out.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. baseball field parking lot - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard breaks through a crowd of people to follow George, who is dragging Leo by his collar. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 George, hold on!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George freezes and spins around to face Richard. He gives Leo a hard shove in the direction of the truck. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 GeORGE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Wait in the truck.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Leo runs to the truck as Richard approaches George.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 George, don't yell at your boy like that. He's doing the best he can... \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George punches Richard hard in the cheek. Richard staggers backwards. He clenches his fists and moves towards George. At the last moment, Richard opens his hands.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hey, let's talk...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 He is cut off by a punch to the jaw. George then grabs him, throws him to the ground and starts kicking him over and over. Richard curls up to protect himself. \par }{\pard\plain \qr \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s7\fi0\ri1980\li7920 Fade to Black.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. richard's bedroom - NIGHT\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard lies in bed, as Carla applies a wet cloth to the injuries on his face. She has an ornery expression on her face. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 You think your children enjoy seeing their dad brawl like that?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard winces in pain.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It wasn't a brawl. I didn't touch the guy.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CaRLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Well he sure as hell touched you. Poor Olivia and Sam were crying so hard, I thought they'd never stop.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 They're okay.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CaRLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yeah, but you're not. Remember what those Feds told you?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RicHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I didn't file a complaint. No cops. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 She continues to wipe him down. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CaRLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It doesn't matter. Word gets out.(a beat) Poor Sam... he wants to get the team together to go burn down George Winn's house. Do you think that's right?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Of course not.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Your're damn right!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 She walks to the bathroom and comes back with a fresh cloth. Richard doesn't move.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CaRLA}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I don't like what happened today, not one bit. He's not going to get away with that is he?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Carla puts the cloth in a bowl on the bedside table. She gets into bed with Richard.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CaRLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Are you going to tell me?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Not yet. (a beat) Not yet.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Carla reaches over and turns out the light.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CaRLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 When?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Soon.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. richard's HOME office - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard is playing computer solitaire. He is moving slow due to his injuries. The phone RINGS, and he picks it up. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Voice (O.C.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What's this I hear about a fight?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Who is this?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 VoICE (O.C.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (chuckling)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Let's just say it's one of the gentlemen you spoke with the other night. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard sits upright.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 You shouldn't be calling.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard covers the phone receiver with his hand.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (cont'd}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 )\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (to himself)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Damn it!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard removes his hand and puts it on the desk to steady himself.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RicHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D) (cont'd}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 )\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (into the phone)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It wasn't my fault. There was no complaint filed.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The voice chuckles.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 VoiCE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yeah, I heard you didn't even put up a fight. You must really like it there to deal with crap like that. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I did it for my family's sake.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 VoICE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Look pal, all I care about is you testifying and staying out of trouble. Right now you're batting five hundred, and that's not gonna cut it.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The phone goes dead. Richard remains calm for a few beats before ripping the mouse from the computer and throwing it across the room. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. richard's kitchen - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard paces around the kitchen. Sam runs into the room, drops his backpack on the table and goes right to the fridge. He takes orange juice out and starts drinking it straight from the container. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Sam, what do you have going on today?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam takes another large gulp of juice and puts the container on the counter.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SAM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Not much. Maybe fishing later with Greg.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Want to catch a movie this afternoon? \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam smiles.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SAM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Just the two of us? What about mom and Olivia?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Mom's at work, and Olivia's at a friend's house. Come on, it'll be fun.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SaM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 When do we leave?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Right now.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SaM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Cool, Dad.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. movie theatre - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard and Sam walk down the aisle of the movie theater. Richard stops Sam at a row 2/3 of the way down. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Richard\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Look. It's Ron Bachman and his son. Why don't we go sit with them? \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SAM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Sure, Dad.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Sam and Richard squeeze through the isle to two empty seats next to Ron and his son, CURTIS.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RichARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hey Ron, how you doing?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RON\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hey Richard, I'm fine, thanks. Your kid pick out the movie?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 They both chuckle politely, as the theater darkens and trailers begin.\par Richard leans in close to Sam.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I'm going to get some more popcorn. Want another drink?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 SAM\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (staring at the screen)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Uh-huh.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 On his way out of the aisle, he steps on Ron's foot. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RicharD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Ah jeez, Ron, I'm sorry. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Ron smiles uncomfortably.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 ROn\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Don't worry about it.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard walks up the aisle towards the theater exit. As he opens the door, he glances back to see if anyone's watching him.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 InT. richard's living room - NIGHT\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard and Olivia sit on the floor, looking at Olivia's drawings. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 OlIVIA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Pick the best one dad. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The doorbell RINGS.\par Olivia glances up at Richard, as Carla enters the room. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (to Olivia)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Run along, Squirt. Go see your mom.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 OliVIA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 But, Dad!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RichARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Now, }{\pard\plain \ql \ul\sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 please}{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 . \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CARLA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Olivia, listen to your father. He'll look at your pictures later. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard walks to the front door and opens it. \par Standing there is TED REISER, 50, the town's Chief of Police.\par Ted extends his hand.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Ted\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Mr. Dow? Ted Reiser, Chief of Police.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What can I do for you?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Ted looks past Richard into the house and sees Carla standing in the hallway.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 	TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Good evening, Ma'am.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160  Ted takes off his hat and smiles cordially at her.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED (cont'd)}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (to Richard)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Can I come in for a moment?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Absolutely, come on in.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 They enter the living room, and Ted takes a seat on the couch, holding his hat on his lap. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 If you'd like, I can get you a drink...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Ted raises his hand, cutting him off.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No thanks. I'm sorry, but this is an official call. I'm investigating something that happened earlier today. I'm afraid you might be involved.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RicHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 One of my kids? Did they do something?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Ted ignores him.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 George Winn. I take it you know him?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Sure. I coach his kid.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TeD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 You also had an altercation with him, right?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard nods.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RicHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I didn't like the way George was threatening his son. Now can you tell me what's going on?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 George Winn was attacked and severely beaten today. An intruder broke into his home. I'm afraid I have to ask you what you were doing at about 4:45 P.M.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Should I get a lawyer?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Do you need one?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 No.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TeD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Then why don't you tell me where you were this afternoon.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard shrugs.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I was at the movies with my boy at the River Mall Theater. The movie started at three-thirty and lasted at least two hours.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Do you have proof?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard digs into his pants pocket and pulls out two ticket stubs. He hands them to Ted. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Here you go. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Anybody see you at the theater?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Um... some kid named Larry took my money.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Anybody else?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yeah, Ron Bachman, one of the other coaches. We sat right next to him and his boy. In fact, I\par accidentally tripped over him when I went out for popcorn.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Do you know what time that was?\line \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Nope.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TeD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 And what time did you get back into the theater?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard gives Ted a confused look.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 I'm sorry, what did you say?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Ted leans forward towards Richard.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TeD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 You said you left to get some popcorn. What I want to know is how long were you gone?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Two minutes. Maybe three.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Did anybody see you come back into the theater?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Yeah, Ron did, I'm sure.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 And why's that?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 (calmly)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Because when I tried to get past him and sit next to my son, I accidently spilled a coke on him. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard smiles at him.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RIChARD}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040  (CONT'D)}{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Now are we through here?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 TED\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Just one more thing. George didn't see his attacker, but he did manage to give him a real good scratch on the arm. (a beat) Mind if I take a look at your arms, Richard?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Of course not.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard pulls up his sleeves to reveal unblemished arms.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. baseball field - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The Little League game is in progress, with the "Pine Tree Rotary" at bat. Olivia keeps score in the outfield. Carla sits amongst other parents in the crowded stands. She is smiling and cheering.\par Leo is at the plate. He watches as a pitch whizzes by him into the catcher's mitt.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Umpire\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Ball!!!!!!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 From the corner entrance of the dugout, Richard cheers.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RiCHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Way to go Leo! Good eye. Wait for your pitch. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The pitcher winds up and throws the ball. Leo swings wildly and misses. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 UMPIRE\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Steeeriiike!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Good cut, Leo. Good cut.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The KIDS on the bench now join in CHEERING Leo on.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Kids\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Go Leo! Wait for your pitch! \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Richard looks over at the crowd, focusing in on George Winn. His jaw is wired shut, and there is large bruise on his face.\par He then looks over at Carla who is making her way down the bleachers and heading in his direction. She smiles as she sees Ted walking towards her.\par CLOSE UP of Carla slipping on a sweater as Ted approaches. As she pulls on the left sleeve, we see a huge scratch on her muscular forearm.\par Richard glances again at George Winn, silent and miserable, and back at Carla. Carla gives Ted a friendly greeting and then walks over to Richard.\par Richard gives her a kiss on the cheek and whispers softly in her ear.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 RICHARD\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Looks like you're 12 for 12 in the Family Game...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Carla smiles and leans into him.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 CarlA\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Or as your Fed friends like to say, I'm batting a .1000.}{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 We hear the CRACK of a bat and EVERYONE in the bleachers and the dugout stands up. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Everyone\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f64\fs24\sl220\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Way to go LEO! All right!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Leo has an enormous smile on his face as he runs along the first base line. We then see the ball in the air, still floating away in the clear blue sky...\par }{\pard\plain \qr \caps\sb240\f64\fs24\sl220\s7\fi0\ri1980\li7920 FADE to black\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f64\fs24\sl220\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 THE END\par }}